Okay.
Well,
welcome to this episode of Family Hour
here on the Yahowah Blog.
We have Kevin up there in my swimming
pool.
You look like you're more dressed though
for weather and misery than you are here
in the Virgin Islands,
but you're welcome to go for a swim.
Kevin has a magic way of taking backdrops
from our home here in the Virgin Islands
and plopping himself right down in it like
he owns a joint.
I'm glad you're able to enjoy it, pal.
Good to be here.
And Kirk,
I don't understand how in the world you
can go through all of those treatments and
look better today than you looked a week
ago.
I mean, what in the world's going on,
man?
I need some of that.
Well, from here up.
Oh, here up.
Okay.
The rest of it's a no-touch zone.
No.
Hey, we're at the dam, don't...
Oh, my.
But I understand you're still on high
ground so that you haven't washed away
with all the rains.
That was pretty bad, too.
But we had a terrible storm.
But it's sun shining now.
That's great.
Oh, good.
That's good.
It's good to know.
And we've got the full attention of Dr.
Jeff here.
He is in his home,
not in the hospital tonight.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
So.
They're on their own with the others.
Yeah,
you had quite a cadre of problems a
week ago.
You were up to your nostrils and people
trying to die on you.
Yeah, there were about,
there were sixteen unstable,
four on the brink of death,
quite a few young ones who were doing
themselves in.
And, you know,
just another day at the office.
What were the young ones suffering from?
Alcoholism, fentanyl abuse.
I had a I had a four hundred
pound-er.
I had a forty two year old who
was swallowing foreign bodies like nails
and screws and yeah.
doing all kinds of things like this.
It's just.
It's.
I should write a book at some point,
but I don't know how many people would
believe me.
Yeah.
Just as a curiosity,
you've been practicing medicine now for
what, about twenty five, thirty years.
Thirty plus.
And so for the most part,
you've been around emergency kinds of
situations and with the pulmonary care,
people that are in pretty bad shape.
If somebody needs your attention,
they're not doing very well.
Right.
Unless it's I'm doing just a pulmonary
consult for asthma or something.
But I'm more into the critical care.
So they are literally dying to see me.
Yeah.
Would you say that the overall lifestyle
and ethos of the humans that you are
treating has declined or is it about the
same as it was when you began?
It has definitely declined.
I've had this discussion with your lovely
wife and multiple times and the nihilism
has become much more pervasive,
much more pervasive over the years,
I must say,
and has accelerated over the past,
I'd say, ten to fifteen.
And lots of people are just doing things
that are horribly contrary to their
health.
Absolutely.
You know,
just a lot of misery and substance use
and abuse.
And even to the point where people who
will be three, four, five hundred,
sometimes six hundred pounds.
It's it's.
It's unbelievable.
Is there anybody that is abusing drugs or
alcohol that comes under your care that
are living happy and fulfilling lives?
Absolutely not.
So it's just an escape.
Yeah.
So we're not curing the drug problem in
America by blowing speedboats out of the
water.
Absolutely not.
absolutely not it's a demand problem it's
it's absolutely a demand and demand is
excessive among young and I have to
acknowledge unfortunately among uh people
who are senior to to all of us
I mean I have eighty eighty five year
olds who are doing methamphetamine and
fentanyl and of uh of
this I just want to drive the point
home is the common denominator unhappy
miserable lives unfulfilling lives they're
trying to escape or is there a different
common denominator unequivocally
unequivocally uh while while
genes and environment play a role uh it
it's absolutely overwritten by something
known as uh epigenetics it's not destiny
it's not chromosomally based where it's a
definite thing it's absolutely based on a
miserable unfulfilling unsuccessful lives
and absolute knowledge or absence of
knowledge of Yah.
None whatsoever.
The only way you could cure this is
to create an environment that was more
conducive to living a fulfilling and
meaningful life.
Absolutely.
you're not going to be able to do
that with handing people money or uh
entitlements or or patting them on the
back and saying boy aren't you uh
wonderful we love you so much just keep
right on doing what you're doing it's just
fine don't let anybody tell you you
shouldn't be doing that uh no it we
just we don't set high enough expectations
for people and we don't model
appropriate behavior.
And it's one of the things that is
so troubling to me about Elon Musk and
X,
besides the fact that in this last week,
he's fallen off the planet.
I mean,
he's had an absolute moral meltdown in
support of the ICE murder.
of Ms.
Good and then of being a racist,
an overt racist on X.
He really has fallen off the planet.
But my biggest issue with him is he's
promoting optimists and AI, robots and AI,
as providing the ability so that humans
will have answers for everything at their
fingertips and that they will never have
to research again.
And they will not have to do anything
again.
The robots will do everything for them.
Now, come to find out,
Optimus has been mostly a fraud at Tesla,
which is probably why Elon's fallen off
the planet and has lost his sense of
reality.
But the two things that make us human,
our ability to think and to think
rationally and morally,
which AI can never solve.
And if you were to try to substitute
AI for that, you would lose your humanity.
And second is work.
We develop character.
We have a sense of value.
We have purpose in life when we work.
And if you do not work, well,
you're going to turn to drugs because your
life is going to be useless and
meaningless.
And that's all that's left to you is
just to wallow away in your anguished
pain.
And this is really the story that God's
telling about the garden.
He made it really clear that he ended
the garden experience.
He caused the fall of man.
And that he did so because he was
exceedingly disappointed in Adam.
He gave him a Neshamah,
which is this extraordinary gift.
By the way,
a Neshamah shows back up in the fifty
seventh chapter of Isaiah in a very
interesting place.
But he gave him a Neshamah,
which is the ability to think rationally,
to analyze evidence,
to make sound decisions.
And he didn't use it.
And God's expectation for Adam was that he
would be observant.
paying attention to what was going on
around him and that he would be thoughtful
regarding what he saw and heard and that
he would listen and he would engage,
that he would work,
that he would make a contribution,
that he would add something of value.
But he didn't do any of those things.
And the worst part of all is he
proved that he was unreliable.
He proved that he couldn't be trusted.
And when you have no values in life,
and if your life ambition is to be
an influencer,
if you think you're entitled,
somebody has to give you healthcare.
Somebody has to give you an education.
Somebody has to give you a decent place
to live.
Somebody has to give you a living wage.
Somebody has to give you everything.
And you contribute nothing.
You're worth nothing.
You really are just worth nothing.
And that was God's whole point with the
Eden experience.
And not only was Adam worthless,
and that was the issue,
but in a coddled environment,
which Eden is,
and which the welfare state is,
was never going to improve.
You can't resolve the drug problem in
America,
where twenty-five percent of Americans
have a drug dependency on illegal drugs.
Twenty five percent.
And upwards of seventy percent abuse drugs
of one kind or another,
including prescription drugs and alcohol
and the like.
I'm glad you brought that up.
That's how cancerous our country has
become.
That's a very significant statistic that
you're mentioning, Craig,
is that abuse of
drugs which doctors prescribe,
which are legal and supposed to be
promoting health, doing the very opposite.
I will say when you mentioned optimists
and AI,
without knowing YAH and having the Neshamah,
basically AI and optimists do not hold a
candle
No sophisticated machine or gadget holds a
candle to anyone who can think,
who knows YAH and has it up in
the summer.
It doesn't work that way.
Correct.
AI have fast processors and they have lots
of processors.
They can filter through enormous amounts
of information.
But knowing is infinitely inferior to
understanding.
And even understanding is limited without
a Neshamah.
Because you have to be able to process
what you've come to comprehend in a way
that is appropriate, moral, just, fair,
useful,
and
The AI, no matter how many processors,
how big the building is and how much
power it draws,
are never going to get past the data
stage.
They know, but they can't think.
And you are never going to resolve that
problem with AI.
It cannot make the next step.
and so to think that it's going to
be the solution for humankind I’m telling
you it's it is given the opportunity we
just only have seven and a half years
left so it doesn't have much of an
opportunity but given the opportunity it
would be the last straw destroying
humankind and well the optimus type robots
are far better developed right now in
china than they are in uh with Tesla
right now they really have a function um
for policing and for uh military use right
there they are a million miles from being
useful enough they aren't going to cook
your dinner wash your dishes bathe your
dog take your dog for a walk uh
make your bed that a horrible
And if you're going to use robots,
humanoid robots are the wrong machine for
factories.
And all we're doing is replacing people to
factories anyway.
And young people, the current generation,
don't want to work in a factory.
So it's really pretty bleak out there.
And I think that what we're doing with
AI and with the promise of robots,
but particularly with this really vile
world now that has come to exist in
social media.
Now, there are highlights.
I mean,
I watch at least two hours of YouTube.
almost every evening.
There are programs that I have found that
are educational,
and I find it to be very stimulating
to watch programs on subjects that I'm
interested in.
But for the most part, yeah,
you spend any time on X and it's
a quagmire of irrational and grossly
immoral, ignorant people.
And
You look at the response that we get
when we tell people the truth about the
fact that Jesus never existed and that the
New Testament, I can prove,
overwhelmingly is false, as is the Quran,
people yawn, or they attack you.
And they only attack, of course,
is the ad hominem argument.
And you're doing them a tremendous favor,
yet they are just,
the whole thing is so upside down and
disgusting that
A combination of politics and Christianity
and Islam and Marxism and Magas.
It really made a mess of this place.
And the one thing that I am pleased
with, and this will sound a bit odd,
but the thing I'm pleased with is that
the last month with Donald Trump has been
so bad, so evil,
so disastrously disgusting.
so contrary to human survival that I am
glad that I had the courage to say
this is the man that the prophets are
identifying.
And it was obvious to me,
overwhelmingly so,
when you read the prophets in context,
that it's telling us now is the time
and this is the man and this is
what he's going to do and this will
be the consequence.
But when you're taking a man that has
very little cognitive ability,
and that appears to be suffering from
dementia, but I don't think that's it.
I think he's just demon-possessed and a
born liar.
I think he prefers lies to the truth.
And you're saying that that eight-year-old
man is going to survive the next seven
and a half years, and that he is,
in fact,
the satanically infused man that the
prophet spoke.
That's going way out on a limb.
But he's not leaving any Dowd.
Yeah.
He's just proven the case for us over
and over and over.
But every day with a new tweet,
with a new edict, a news conference,
over and over he just proves the case.
Just when you thought the Epstein files
would do him in.
And they only released one percent of
them, by the way.
So they released the one percent that
wasn't.
particularly harmful to him.
The other ninety-nine percent is still
unreleased,
so they're in defiance of Congress and the
Department of Justice.
You would have thought that would have
done him in.
That birthday card alone should have done
him in.
The pictures and the email should have
done him in,
but it didn't because MAGA seems to have
no problem in their Christianity with
pedophilia and rapists.
But you don't even hear about it at
the moment because of what happened in
Venezuela with join the Navy and become a
pirate.
Join the Air Force and shoot people and
kill them.
Join the US military and invade a country
and steal it because
Venezuela was just so horrendous.
And he was actually honest for the first
time.
He actually said, I'm going in there.
We're going to steal the oil.
That's what we're doing.
We're taking it.
In the past,
they actually tried to make a pretense of
something.
His lame pretense was narco-terrorism.
There's no such thing.
And Maduro wasn't either.
The CIA established the...
that is being blamed on Maduro.
They have a long history of that.
Yeah, they sure do.
And the celebrations in Venezuela, no,
they're of soccer matches two and three,
four years ago.
It's being promoted by CIA bots.
It's just horrendous.
And you'd think that that would be enough
to bring a man down.
You know,
most countries don't like pirates and
thieves running their country.
But no, I hit the next day.
He was promising to steal Greenland.
And so that Greenland from Venezuela.
And just when, you know,
the entire European continent said, what?
Are you absolutely out of your mind?
You do that and we'll have no ongoing
relationship with you.
NATO is over.
Don't do something that stupid.
And he said,
I'm going to do it anyway.
But we all forgot about it because of
the horrendous murder perpetrated by ICE
and
And all of that,
I don't know if you've seen the video
since that time, but oh, my God,
it's ISIS so out of control.
And here is Trump and Vance.
I came the closest I think I've ever
come to actually throwing something in my
television last night when Vance was
justifying.
this murder and saying that the murderer
had absolute immunity.
By the way,
he has none because it'll be a state.
It's a state crime.
He'll be convicted in the state of
Minnesota.
And Trump has no means to resolve that.
But good God, these people are repulsive.
This woman gets killed.
She hasn't done anything wrong.
They ran out in her car,
tried to grab her out of the car,
tried to open the door of her car
as she was moving.
She waved them on.
She's smiling at them.
And they still, they run up,
they get in her face,
try to pull her out of the car.
And another guy gets off to the side
and shoots her three times in the head.
And then they're high-fiving each other.
They're celebrating it.
They won't let a doctor come and try
to treat her.
And then Trump and Vance lie on behalf
of the ICE agent.
We're dealing with evil of a level.
We haven't seen in a very,
very long time.
You have the MAGA media, Greg and fellas,
led by, unfortunately,
another ethnically Jewish person by the
name of Stephen Miller,
who is basically Trump's Goebbels.
He is.
He is a really, really despicable man.
But he's not as despicable as is Trump.
Trump is the king of despicable.
Five years from now,
The world is going to recognize that
Donald Trump is the most evil man who's
ever lived.
Worse than Hitler, worse than Stalin,
worse than Mao Zedong,
worse than Tamerlane.
Be the worst single man who's ever lived.
And I say this not only because of
his pedigree up to this point,
but because of what the prophets have said
about him.
He is Satan incarnate,
and he is now president of the United
States and about ready to pull the rug
on Israel.
Israel is now a vassal.
But it'll be interesting to see just how
bad that can get.
Is he really going to start bombing Iran
again?
Is he really going to send,
as he has,
long-range missiles into Ukraine for
Ukrainians to kill Russians?
he really going to hijack another that's
Russian ship that's that's playing with
fire I mean he's so out of control
he's really pushing Putin’s buttons
thinking oh you know yeah he put Putin
in a position where Putin either has to
put up or shut up and so Putin
who is very reserved
And only responds when it affects Putin's
life.
He said, you know,
what is it that has always guided you
all your life?
And Putin says,
I've said this from the beginning.
I will repeat what I've always told you.
I only do what I cannot avoid doing.
Unless I cannot justify not doing it,
I won't do it.
And so he has tried to avoid war
with the United States and war with
Russia.
And so he just continues to allow the
US and the EU to kill Russians and
to taunt him.
And at some point,
he either has to stand up or Trump
will own him.
And when you're owned by somebody as evil
and destructive and deadly as Trump,
that's a horrible position to be in.
I don't know if Putin has the cojones
to man up, but if he doesn't,
Russia is in a very bad way because
of how aggressive Trump is.
And we're going to find out how Xi
is going to play it because Trump stole
Venezuela from him.
He had seventy billion dollars invested in
Venezuela.
And Trump now is trying to steal up
Iran, too.
And, you know,
you take those two countries and China is
in real trouble in terms of their energy
supply.
And China is going to respond by cratering
the United States economically.
So it's a really,
really dangerous game the man is playing.
There is no positive outcome here.
Isn't that the goal he would have anyway?
I mean, is Satan and Trump,
he's talking with Satan's voice.
He would love to destroy everything,
isn't that the whole goal?
So Yahowah will never come back?
Of course.
Yeah,
and particularly wants to make Israel,
you know, Satan has two goals with Israel.
He wants Israel to worship him as God.
And so they view Trump as the second
coming of Cyrus.
So that says Trump is their new Messiah.
So he has achieved that.
But he also wants to eliminate Israel.
And so he's got to parlay one into
the other.
So it's a really interesting situation.
It's the book of Ezekiel.
The book of Ezekiel has twenty five ways
to kill a Jew, and they're all hideous.
And it has two really hideous rape scenes
of Jews.
And Satan's agenda is to change the seven
Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
You're gonna have the Feast of the Beast
and Do Nothing Day and New Moon Day
and All Idiots Day and the like.
And then he wants to pave over all
of Jerusalem and the Temple Mount with
this giant edifice to himself with
Capricorn, the Trumpster,
doing all the measurements for this real
estate development that destroys,
paves over Israel.
And so this is the book of Ezekiel.
And it's that I love you.
I hate you.
Don't leave me.
You know, the the psychopath line,
particularly cluster bees.
I love you.
I hate you.
Don't leave me.
uh yes I push you away yeah they're
they're not they're nuts like that and um
trump's uh Satan uh you know Satan being
inside of trump this is exactly what we
would expect um he's playing both sides um
but yeah I yeah when you study the
quran and the book of Ezekiel uh book
of Ezekiel is inspired by Satan the quran
of course inspired by Satan
What you find is that Satan hates people.
The only people that Satan likes are dead.
He likes people to kill other people
because he's genocidal.
And that is the entire thrust of the
Quran.
Satan is a terrorist.
Allah is a terrorist.
Allah is deadly.
And all good Muslims kill.
And all Muslims, the Quran is very clear.
There's only two types of Muslims.
A Muslim who has died, killing for Allah,
and one who will die, killing for Allah.
It's a total genocide.
And this is the path that Trump is
taking.
The world will be at war.
There'll be total economic collapse,
which is anarchy.
The human condition will become unbearable
and it will likely end in a nuclear
Holocaust.
And finally,
Yahowah has to eradicate all of the
religious, the political, militant,
conspiratorial,
and get rid of all of them and
start again with a mortal remnant.
And that mortal remnant, I think,
will be a tiny fraction of the Earth's
population.
And that's where we're headed,
and we don't have much time to get
there.
But, boy,
we are witnessing it all play out,
aren't we?
Yes, sir.
We're witnessing it,
and we're lamenting over it.
But I guess on a positive note is
we know what Yah said,
and I know you're going to get into
this shortly,
is that the Nakar will not –
and cannot fail.
We will not allow him to not be
productive because there's too much at
stake.
Part of the job of being a bull
is standing in the breach here.
Unfortunately, there weren't enough
Germans or Europeans who stood up against
Hitler when he rose to power with his
brown shirts,
which is like Trump with his ice.
And having read Mein Kampf,
they didn't openly condemn it,
as I have by reading the New Testament
and the Quran and Trump's manifesto.
So we're going to do the right thing
with every breath.
We're going to expose and condemn this
because, well, we're not going to stop it.
Trump's going to destroy America and the
world.
We can keep people informed so that when
it happens, they'll say, oh, I remember.
Way before anybody else,
that guy told us that he was Satan
incarnate,
that all of this was going to happen,
and that we should be very,
very concerned about it.
everything from ICE to the military in
American cities,
to the tariffs and a trade war with
China, with taunting Russia,
to invading Venezuela,
to using the military to play the role
of pirates,
to being bribed by the Muslim dictators,
to abandoning Israel.
It's all going to happen.
And I want people to remember where they
heard it.
so that they then come back and read
and say, rather than, you know,
how dare you say these terrible things
about my president or my precious Jesus or
my Allah, they'll come back and say, hey,
you were right about Allah and Jesus and
Trump and whatever.
the New Testament and the Quran and MAGA
and all of that.
And, you know,
we're not playing politics here.
It's not every time that you speak against
MAGA, they want to label you a liberal.
The furthest from that,
I spent a lifetime getting to know and
dislike Marxism and socialism.
I've seen it up close and personal,
unlike any of those that would disparage
me by calling me a liberal who have
never seen socialism or communism
full-blown,
as I have seen it in China back
weeks after Nixon opened it up the first
time.
uh American uh in after uh Nixon opened
it up and uh did the same thing
through the USSR so I've seen it I've
been all the way through the eastern block
when it was communist I know this this
beast and despise it and have studied it
and understand it um but mag is worse
All right.
With that introduction,
I think it's important people know where
we're going and how the world is
deteriorating around us.
And I can assure you that tomorrow's news
is going to be worse than today's news.
It's going to just continually ramp down
and you're just going to become
desensitized after a while.
confused and desensitized.
If you were actually political,
which we're not,
and you were running against Trump and the
Republicans, particularly MAGA,
you wouldn't know what to respond to.
Are you going to respond to ICE murdering
that girl?
Are you going to respond to the piracy
of the Russian ship?
Are you going to respond to the kidnapping
of another head of state or the stealing
of an invading of a country or the
Epstein files?
What is it?
You know, Canada is the fifty first state.
We're going to take over Cuba, too.
We want the Panama Canal back.
I mean.
Troops in our cities.
What is it?
Can you get through the list?
Yeah.
What are you going to respond to?
And it just keeps.
Twenty billion dollars worth of bribes
from the Muslim dictators.
What is it?
Yeah,
it just keeps coming faster and faster.
There were two shot by ice in Portland
last night.
That's right.
And so everybody's social media is all
about, oh, this good Minneapolis,
Minneapolis, Minneapolis,
and there's two more,
and there's going to be two more tomorrow.
Those are the ones that are making the
news.
Yeah,
they were banging a man's head into the
curb.
Boom, boom, boom, kicking him,
literally banging his skull into the curb.
They were at a high school arresting kids.
Ice is worse than the brown shirts and
worse than the Gestapo.
Worse.
And they're being funded at an
unbelievable rate.
And there is absolutely no training and no
qualifications.
Uh,
and they're being run by grossly immoral
people who are essentially saying,
do whatever you want.
I'll have your back.
I'll have you exonerated,
kill whoever you want.
We'll, we'll justify it.
Yeah.
Did, did,
did we see the budget for ice was.
Seventy million dollars in small arms.
Yeah, not amazing.
That is, I mean, that's handguns and ARs.
That's not RPGs, grenades.
I mean, that is just that, wow.
In America's cities,
with guys running around in blue jeans and
masks, wielding those in your face.
and having the authority to tell you to
get out of your car, to surrender,
to allow them to deprive you of your
freedom.
Hell no.
Yeah.
We're far past the point of probable cause
or even speaking to a law officer.
Because if you say anything.
Breaking into people's car.
What was the justification for ICE
breaking into that woman's car?
Which they did.
He reached into her car.
He tried to open the door.
What was his justification?
There's no probable cause.
She's clearly not an illegal alien.
And she wasn't going anywhere.
Her wife had gotten out to film.
She wasn't going anywhere.
They have their license plate.
So at this point,
escalating anything is insane.
Yeah,
you wait till she gets home and you
go pick her up.
That was the big problem.
For what crime?
She was waving them by.
And then when they wanted to get by,
she backed up.
And then that's when they ran to her
door, put their arm around her neck,
tried to open the door.
They have no right to do any of
that.
Yeah, you're right.
No probable cause there.
I'm just disgusted.
I am so glad I don't live in
the United States.
I'm sorry you guys still do.
But I'm really glad I don't live in
the United States.
It's reprehensible how fast America has
fallen and deteriorated and how many
morons out there there are that are
justifying this.
Yay for the military.
Go pirates.
The pirates were in Pittsburgh.
The only thing I can say in defense
is it's not necessarily just America.
I'm going to go with population density.
The further you are away from people,
the better off you are.
Well, that's true.
And you live in misery.
Yeah, you live in misery.
Right.
No one wants to be around me.
My father always used to say I was
born in Missouri and stayed there most of
my life.
He was born in Mexico, Missouri.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right up the road from me.
I know Kingdom of Calloway.
I know where it is.
Yeah.
I went through Mexico,
Missouri on one of my road trips and
was appalled to find out how many...
Hebrew roots cults were in that area.
I mean, they are prolific in that area.
Crazy as loons.
Particularly on Facebook now,
I see it every day,
ten times a day.
Idiots dressing up as rabbis with their
menorahs and their Talmuds and talking
about Yeshua and blending
The New Testament and the old what they
would call the Old Testament together and
doing programs on a blend of Judaism and
Christianity.
They are opposites.
And it's just astonishing that that this
is the new hot thing is you tell
two lies and somehow that's going to be
the truth.
Doubling down on Babel.
That's all they're doing.
Oh, man.
You can fix the New Testament,
which is wrong in every possible way.
I mean,
I have forty two hundred pages of absolute
proof that the New Testament is wrong in
every possible way.
It's called twisty entity.
You can read it at yada.com and you
can't fix it by changing the name of
Jesus to.
uh Yeshua that doesn't fix anything there
was no Jesus there was no Yeshua the
whole thing is a uh a lie from
beginning to end and it's obvious but god
religion is a weird weird deadly deceitful
destructive damning plague it's amazing
people can't see their way through it and
they'll defend it at any cost
All right,
so we're gonna return here to the
beginning of the chapter of Yashayah
Isaiah.
He had a lot to say.
We turn to this because I wanted to
share absolute proof that on the Shabuwah
harvest,
there will be people who make it and
people who miss it.
And that the people who make it are
going to disappear.
The people who miss it are not going
to have any clue as to why they
were gone.
But there will be a group that Yahowah
has, well,
more victory all towards than anything
I've ever seen in the prophets.
This group where he calls them,
the woman leading it, demonic,
saying that she is a deceitful whore.
And God's really upset that they will...
have claimed this as their own and yet
will do everything they can to denounce
the one that Yahowah has appointed to make
that harvest productive.
So we turn to it for these reasons,
to know that the harvest would occur this
way and that literally the Shabuwah harvest
is a harvest of souls where people leave
this planet, not bodily,
our bodies will be destroyed, our souls.
and so it reads then the right and
the vindicated will vanish so that's who
gets to go the uh Tsadaq if you're
not right correct about Yahowah you don't
get included so it will have zero
Christians zero Hasidim it will have zero
Muslims it'll have zero magas and zero
Marxists zero
The only way to have a ticket on
this ride is to be right about Yahowah,
his covenant, his beloved son, his Mow'ed,
Mowedym in the plural, his name.
You need to be right about all of
those things.
If you are not,
you don't get to go.
And beyond that,
because we were told earlier that it is
a harvest of standing grain of those who
are
involved in the field active growing um
mature you don't get to go either so
it's a narrow very narrow group of people
that get to participate in this so then
the right and the vindicated will vanish
that's pretty much straightforward isn't
it they will vanish disappearing such that
those who remain will not know where they
have gone
So no matter how many books we've written
on this,
no matter how many shows we have done
people will pay no attention because
they're just too occupied with their
ordinary lives.
They still believe their religion.
They still believe their favorite
politicians are conspiracy.
They're not going to pay any attention.
They're just not going to know.
So the right and vindicated will vanish,
disappearing such that those who remain
will not know where they have gone.
No one will give it any thought or
meaningfully ponder the implications.
And the implications are, at this point,
you've got seven years, man.
And it's all...
And the world is going to fall apart.
And lots of people are going to die.
And that there was a group of people
that had it right about God.
And they're gone.
Loyal and devoted individuals who are
steadfast will be harvested.
They'll be gathered together and taken
away during the Asaph in gathering.
The Asaph is used throughout the
presentation of the Shabuwah Qatsyr and the
Taruwah Laqat.
So there is no time come Taruwah to
even question who's not here.
So it's definitely not Taruwah because
Taruwah is the greatest show on earth and
the stuff that's happening around Taruwah
would so dwarf the number of people that
are gleaned at that point that you're not
talking about Taruwah,
talking about Shabuw'ah.
And so he's saying that those who are
harvested are not only right harvesters,
that most people have no clue what
happened,
but that those who are taken and Asaph
gathered in are gonna be individuals who
are devoted, they are steadfast.
Well,
no one makes the connection to comprehend
why.
That's that Hebrew word that the machines
don't process.
Yeah, that's the one, understanding.
Yeah, you can put your mug right there,
Rich,
and you can chime in on this show
now that you've got all your cables
working.
We have room for you right over screen
right.
It is true.
What they're lacking is Byn.
Byn is the Hebrew word for making the
connections to understand.
For indeed.
away from the presence of this evil
shepherding and disastrous calamity caused
by troublesome compatriots and miserable
companions who are wickedly wrong that
sounds like the world we're describing
doesn't it yes and it's not just the
united states it's everywhere who are
correct those who are correct upright and
innocent there's that Tsadaq again will be
gathered in the harvest
removed and received asaph again so
clearly god's saying that people are going
to disappear at this harvest the harvest
is Shabuwah now Shabuwah and this harvest
can take place in one of two days
only two days is it possible
It'll either take place five months from
now, but one hundred and thirty five days,
I think,
is is what we're where we're at.
One hundred thirty five days from now on
the Shabbat of Shabbat,
twenty two May twenty twenty six.
Or hopefully so we have a little more
time.
Eleven June,
also a Shabbat twenty twenty seven.
There is evidence for either one of the
two dates,
and both can be right because of the
fact that there are different events
attributed to them.
For example,
I think that the two-state solution that
is going to be the dissolution of Israel
is going to take place in five months.
I'm hoping that the Shabuwah harvest take
place in the eleventh of June,
twenty twenty seven, gives us more time.
Although it's easier for us if we're
pulled out of here.
So I'm certainly not going to cry a
moment if it happens sooner.
And the other event that could be the
demarcation event for June eleventh is
Al-Aqsa Mosque, Al-Aqsa Flood two point O,
which is a thousand times more devastating
version of what happened on October seven.
So that's your timeline.
This is Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah.
It says they will arrive reconciled and
restored.
So God's telling,
if people don't know where they're going,
God knows where they're going and God
knows what the conditions are gonna be.
They're going to arrive reconciled and
restored, intact and healthy,
satisfied and content,
blessed and prosperous,
in favorable circumstances and saved.
But guess what they're not going to come
with?
Bodies.
Oh, of course not.
No bodies.
You can't leave this planet with a body.
That's the problem that old Elon has by
going to Mars.
You can send people to Mars to die
in a body,
but you're not bringing them back alive.
So if you can't shed,
you don't want to shed your body and
be enveloped in light,
you are not going to be part of
this harvest.
Because when we arrive reconciled and
restored, intact and healthy,
it is without our decaying physical
bodies.
So, Dr. Jeff,
you're going to have to be signing up
for that.
You'll get rid of yours tomorrow, tonight,
if you could.
And, Dr. Jeff,
you'd be happy to be a doctor of
souls as opposed to one of broken bodies.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's, that's the point.
That has a nice, nice ring to it.
You know, there are,
if you want to be part of the
mortal remnant, that is going to, um,
resolve the issues of, uh,
of Israel and teach, uh, this remnant,
how to work, how to listen,
how to be observant, um,
how to become trustworthy, uh,
you're you're looking at five soul doctors
right here that is going to be our
job we are soul doctors so they will
they will be spiritually ph kirk phd they
are our MD uh or just sd probably
ssd uh okay it's uh
A new title for you there, pal.
They will be spiritually restored and
comfortably settled within his restful
environs,
moving about and walking around while
conducting their lives in a manner which
is right, honest, fitting, and proper.
The second part is interpreted one or two
ways.
One is that...
Eighty percent of the time that Halak is
used, it doesn't mean actually walking.
It means moving around.
And we're going to be quite mobile in
Shama.
In fact,
we're going to have a chance to go
off and explore the universe during this
period of time,
although I think most of our time is
going to be spent learning and preparing
for what comes next.
But we'll have Yah school,
and that'll be a lot of fun.
I imagine a whole class,
a class taught by Yashayah, Isaiah,
another class taught by Moshe,
a class will be on workmanship,
could be taught by Noach.
It could be just great fun experiencing
this.
Dowd would be a teaching class on
governance and the Towrah.
ElYah does rhetoric.
ElYah would do rhetoric and comic relief.
Yes.
Yeah.
How to, uh, Yadi,
you can use your ATP.
So you could teach us how to really
fly the right way.
And, uh, well, yes, we'll be, uh,
we'll be quite mobile at that point.
Uh,
the other way to look at it is
that we are coming back, um,
to work as soul doctors the next thousand
years during the millennial celebration of
Sukkot.
I think Perry was saying,
we're going to follow the Taurus cadence
and every fifty years we change careers,
which would give us twenty variations of a
career.
Kind of sounds fun during this period,
but we will be active and we'll be
upright and mobile and going about our
business during that time too.
And so we're going to conduct our lives
in a way that is right,
fitting and proper,
because we're going to be very well
schooled at this process.
Now,
this is the the line that is just
so devastating to those who have tried to
deny the value of Yada Yahowah as the
tree of knowledge,
the Choter and his work as the one
imbued with the seven spirits of Yahowah to
call the people home at this time,
the
Nakar, the observant foreigner.
They wish to besmirch all of that,
to devalue all of it.
And God's not the least bit entertained by
what they are doing.
They are claiming not only the covenant
for themselves,
which they will be excluded from,
already have been,
But they are also claiming the Shabuwah
harvest for themselves.
And right here it says they're the ones
who long for it,
who expected to be part of it,
but are being precluded from it.
So it says, but as for you,
but as for all of you,
those of you who are still present,
wanting to approach,
Qarab, wanting to come near,
wanted to be part of this in the
imperative mood.
You wanted to be part of this.
You expected to be part of this.
You thought you were going to approach.
But as for the rest of you who
are not Tsadaq right, who are not devoted,
those of you who are still present at
this time, at the time of the harvest,
That list is really tiny.
That list is the mother goddess click and
nobody else.
Doesn't apply to anyone else.
At this time, you,
God wants everyone to know,
you are the children of false pretenses
under the spell of an anon.
a demonic woman deliberately conjuring a
false spirit, spirit mom, ring a bell,
to obscure reality and blow smoke as a
sorceress.
Do you think there's a Hebrew word,
you've done a glossary,
Kevin,
you've read all these books multiple
times, so have you, Dr. Jeff.
Is there a Hebrew word that Yahowah could
use that would be worse when directed
towards a woman than anon?
Demonic.
I would think that's as bad as it
gets, wouldn't it be?
That would put you alongside Satan and you
are being evaluated alongside Satan.
You're being associated with Satan.
That's saying that your plot at this time
is flat out demonic and you are a
sorceress.
Yeah, Anon,
maybe Azab is the only thing separated,
you know,
that eternally separated is the only thing
that would be worth than just being a
sorceress, you know.
I don't think so.
I don't think so because there's a lot
of people that are going to be eternally
separated that don't rise to the level of
demonic.
Lots.
In fact, most.
The overwhelming percentage of those who
are separated do not rise to the level
of demonic.
A hundred percent of those who rise to
the level of demonic are separated.
The subset of Anon is far worse than
just Azab.
Because while all Anon are Azab,
all Azab are not Anon.
I thought Zonah was pretty bad,
but Anon is worse.
Yeah, it's worse.
I think it's the single worst thing God
can call a person.
If you're a woman,
if he were a man,
it would be satanic.
So, but as for you,
those of you who are still present,
having wanted to approach.
At this time,
you are the children of false pretenses
under the spell of ʿanan and a demonic
woman,
deliberately conjuring a false spirit to
obscure reality and blow smoke as a
sorceress.
The seed of a Na'aph,
an adulterous man who is unfaithful,
disloyal,
and unreliable
Why would he go from woman to man?
Because guess what?
This woman would have nothing if it were
not for this man.
There's a man that shut down our website,
didn't he?
Twice.
Yeah.
The man that wrote a bunch of letters
saying that that I was so dead wrong.
I was going to kill a bunch of
people.
And if the only salvation,
a hope for the world is for them
to speak for a spirit mom.
and done everything he can to build sites,
to demean and disparage out of Yahowah,
and to prostitute on behalf of this woman
as her pimp.
He is her primary pimp.
He is her primary enabler,
and God has his name.
He is a Na'aph, disloyal one,
unreliable one.
And the Zanah.
Going right back to the sorceress.
He's saying that she is a Zanah.
She's the despised whore.
Now,
that's not quite as bad as Anon because,
well, you know,
whores are pretty much a dime a dozen.
Every street corner in Las Vegas.
But whores are a dime a dozen.
But she's a despised whore,
a loathed woman prostituting herself and
her despicable nature by pandering to her
partners for favors and bribes.
So she's not just a...
A sorceress, not just a demonic woman.
She's playing her audience.
She's pretending affection and love for
them while she is robbing them.
From God's parlance, she's a prostitute.
Now,
it's not good for God to call you
a prostitute.
If you're a woman,
you don't want God to call you a
whore or a harlot.
These are really bad terms.
And so, you know,
when you write and you say,
God has called, this woman's name is Dee,
God has called her a whore.
God has called her demonic.
And you might say,
how dare you use those terms and disparage
someone?
There's no one else that fits this
prophecy at this time, period.
This is the only time this prophecy will
be fulfilled.
It is right now that it is being
fulfilled.
That is the only time it can be
And she and her little group are the
only people that could possibly apply to
it.
And to not see that means you're either
ignorant or irrational.
Which they are.
Which they are, by the way.
But nevertheless, we are not.
So I made a promise I'd go to
the words of the lead.
I did not expect them to go to
this place.
They did.
And I'm not going to run from them.
God is calling this woman a sorceress and
a whore.
And her accomplice, he's saying,
is disloyal and unreliable.
Isaiah Yasha'yah now it gets worse from
there yeah we're just getting started open
hunting season on mother goddesses okay
well you picked your fight they did on
what basis
have you, without any actual guidance,
without even having any provocation,
independently and continually become so
effeminate, so overly sensitive,
so self-entitled,
individuals delighting in ridiculing,
mocking.
Well, anag's not a very good term either,
is it?
What God is saying here is you weren't
provoked into this,
you did this to yourselves.
And even a program like this,
all we're doing is responding to them.
They did this to themselves to the point
they earned Yahowah's wrath.
And we're reporting what God has to say
about them.
They did this to themselves.
They were not provoked into it.
They're not victims.
They're victimizers,
what God's saying here.
And what he's also saying is you're just
wallowing in your emotions.
I remember the woman that I actually cared
about that was my publisher.
And she said, well,
we can relate to this because we're all
mothers.
Therefore, you know,
it's nice to have a mother goddess.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, just emotional drivel.
As if I'm going to throw away my
brain because this psychopath is
scratching an emotional itch.
And for the effeminate men that have
joined her,
being the whore's little helpers,
he's saying, you're like women.
You're as emotional and out of control,
irrational as they are.
You're overly sensitive.
You were not provoked.
You don't have any actual guidance.
You're self-motivated and you delight in
ridiculing and mocking,
not in contributing.
Have you all apart from others uniquely
become so swayed
by a woman and a feminine individual
losing any sign of,
every sign of masculinity,
overtly prone to ridicule,
enjoying being slanderous without any
prior inducement,
exploiting another while taking pleasure
in acting like overly emotional,
needy and gossipy women,
hopelessly relishing derision,
pliable without any backbone or substance,
Yikes, and boy, is it fitting.
Against what and whom do you open your
mouth and boast,
sticking out your fangs and prolonging
your tongue lashings?
Are you not the children born of revolting
rebellion who rose up in clear defiance of
authority?
The relationship by holding this grudge,
remaining stubbornly indignant,
being yell at Peshaw is bad too.
I mean,
you're the offspring of discordant
deflection.
It means you're portraying what you are by
projecting it on others,
such that you're giving an entirely false
interpretation
one that is contrary to God.
You're lost in religion, offensive,
incensed, and criminally wanton,
rebelling against the agreement.
So after saying they were born into this,
they are the children of that,
it now says you are the seed of
a Sheker.
This is now the fourth title that they
have earned.
So she really wanted to find herself
written in the Towrah.
So this is her fourth title.
That's pretty good.
Most people aren't mentioned.
She's got four mentions.
They aren't honorable.
But nonetheless, she is a Shakur.
But what does Shakur mean?
Vain and useless liar.
A betrayer.
A deceptive and vain fraud promoting a
sham.
You're the children of a sheker,
of somebody who's providing injurious
testimony based on false pretenses,
one who swears deceitfully and thereby
disappoints by way of delusion.
And it's true.
Everything they say is insane.
It is, every time they make a point,
you look at the passages they cited to
make their point,
and the point those passages actually make
is to condemn their conclusions.
And we do it time and time again.
They'll say, oh, well,
this proves that we're right.
You know,
they quoted three passages for proving of
Mother God,
and they say exactly the opposite.
You know,
they cite the eighth Mashal proverb that
there is a mommy goddess who has a
voice in it,
and it doesn't mention spirit or mom once.
And that's their foundational.
That's their foundational text.
Started the whole thing.
And it's got no mention of a spirit
mama.
No mention of a spirit or mama.
There's a slight difference between a
luach and Chokmah.
Yeah,
then they want to go against the Choter,
forgetting the fact that Dowd made the
first presentation of him and that Yahowah
has said,
I've given him my seven spirits and here
they are.
And oh, by the way,
one of those spirits, two of them,
make him the tree of knowledge that's in
the garden.
And they said, no, no, no.
AI says a chat box.
Says it's messianic.
So what are they now?
Towning Jesus?
Yeah, good luck with that.
These people knew this stuff.
They know this is wrong.
They were here.
I know these people.
Yeah, we're going to go to...
I have to write like...
Ten different options.
Why did God take people who have the
relative value of navel lint?
These people, eight,
ten women that aren't smart enough to know
their own hat size that.
are living miserable lives.
This is the point that we were making
earlier.
They're all living miserable lives.
They have horrible relationships and
they're all wallowing around each other,
trying to make each other feel important.
And so you say, okay, so what?
They're hash-tagging my name.
They're hash-tagging yada yada and
disparaging it in stupid ways.
So why would God even bother?
And we're going to address that because I
can give you ten reasons as to why
God would bother.
And one of them is the killer.
So the fact is we have to deal
with this.
God is bothered.
Okay.
So no matter even if we couldn't come
up with a reason why God's bothered,
even if we're personally not bothered,
God is really irritated.
I mean,
he is more irritated over these women than
any other group of people.
Ever.
And he is not very, I mean,
it's very rare that God says,
I've despised these people so much,
I'm gonna call them satanic,
that I'm gonna call them a whore,
that I'm gonna say that they are a
betrayer, and I'm sending them to Sheowl.
But he does.
There's just not time.
With the Shabuwah harvest coming up,
even if it is in June of twenty-seven,
there's just not enough time.
If someone were to hear, see a
a yada-ya short or a yada-ya post today
and go, oh,
go to the website and read everything,
they would be hard-pressed to make
Shabuwah.
I mean,
our work today is looking forward to a
Taruwah harvest, to the mortal remnant,
you know?
That's the way I see it anyway.
And so to split and to glean what
had been gleaned, to take that apart,
that's got to make you very upset.
You know,
these were in the basket and you're
throwing them out.
You know,
these were in the basket and you're...
Yeah,
I actually think you're you're correct.
But I think there's there's there's issues
that are far bigger than the timing.
And I just have one slight difference with
you on on what we're trying to accomplish
at the moment, because while you're right,
we are building the library of of Yahoo
blogs and of the other Yahoo series to
reach people after we're gone and to
cultivate the Taruwah gleaning,
that's all true.
I think the primary thing we're doing
right now is modeling the kind of
response, the anah,
that Yahowah is looking for.
Yahowah was so disappointed with what
happened in Eden and has been disappointed
the last six thousand years that there
have been a number of people along the
way who have been responsive.
Yahowah says at the time Moshe was the
most responsive person.
It's like calling my wife my favorite
wife.
He was the only person who responded.
But nonetheless,
he was the most responsive.
And the very fact that we are engaged,
we're doing what God wants,
we're listening, we're observing.
When we make a mistake,
we'll correct the mistake and move on.
And when we stumble and fall,
we'll stand right back up.
So we're proving ourselves reliable.
I think what we're doing right now is
demonstrating what God has wanted all
along.
And so you're witnessing a demonstration
of what God is asking of us.
I think God's also making it abundantly
clear that if you mess with the Nakar,
you are messing with Dowd.
You are messing with me.
You are taking away the tree of knowledge
from, you know, knowing the tree of lives.
And the whole mission goes awry.
Yeah,
I think that is a huge part of
it right there,
which is that for the last two thousand
years,
no one has identified Dowd as the one
who fulfilled Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym.
that Dowd is the Messiah and son of
God who was crucified on Passover to open
the doorway to life and that he was
the one whose nephesh soul carried our
guilt into Sheowl on Matsah to rid us
of this guilt so that we were perfected
to the point we could enter God's
presence.
And
no one other than myself,
going back now four years ago,
had come up with that analysis and
recognized that to be true.
And there is no hope for the next
harvest.
for Shabuw'ah without that knowledge.
There is no hope for what's going to
happen on Taruwah without that knowledge.
There is no homecoming for Dowd on
Kipurym without that knowledge.
There's no return to the garden on Sukah.
The next four,
Mow'ed and Miqra'ey go unfulfilled.
The planet devolves into a death spiral
and does not recover.
It's all for naught without that
knowledge.
And so one guy who was predicted,
Well, I guess about a billion years ago.
The fourth day of creation to be the
lesser luminary reflecting the greater
luminaries light as a sign for the Mowedym.
Figured it out.
And it's sharing that message.
And if you're going to undermine that,
you've destroyed everything from God's
point of view.
And you've slandered his son who's finally
getting the credit he deserves.
So I think that's a huge part of
it.
All right.
So we're saying that you are the seed
of a Shaqar, a vain and useless liar.
This is a bad description.
Again, you know,
after calling this woman a sorceress,
a demonic and saying that she is a
deceitful whore.
pandering for uh for affection he says
that you know you open your mouth and
you boast you've got these tongue lashings
and you have no basis for for any
of this and then he says your children
born
of revolting rebellion,
that you're strictly defiant of the
relationship.
You hold a grudge.
You're just indignant.
You're also the seed of this shakar,
this vain and useless liar who is the
great betrayer.
Are you not those who burn with rage?
and who are so intensely and acrimoniously
riled up and boiling over.
What is the,
that woman that decided she was going to
attack you and me and Leah,
no need to mention her name,
but just think about how riled up she
was.
And she doesn't even know that two of
the three of us,
and she only met one of us for
a few days and begged to be able
to come back.
And yet she's, I mean, she's like raw.
sane.
And there's like four or five of them
that are just over the top crazy, frantic.
And I don't even know any of them.
I really don't.
I've never met any of them.
They're just nuts for this.
It's like this is their new drug.
So you're burning with rage,
intensely acrimoniously riled up,
boiling over.
You're cantankerous,
you're whipped up into a frenzy, God says,
and this is true.
Against whom?
The AL.
Almost every translation here will present
this AL by one of its, you know,
AL has four definitions.
Lamb is one.
Tree is the next.
And tree is prominent tree.
Big damn tree.
Important tree.
Doorway or leader.
Those are the four potential meetings of
AO.
Hey,
we know a guy that meets all four.
Well,
we know a guy that is the ram.
That would be Dowd.
And we know a guy that's the prominent
tree.
That would be Yada.
It's the doorway and a prolific source of
leadership.
That would be Dowd as the doorway and
the prolific source of leadership.
But they burn with rage and are boiling
over in cantankerous frenzy against
Ha'ael, the prominent tree,
which is the tree of knowledge.
And the ram,
who is the returning king and the one
who fulfilled Pesach,
opening the door to life and fulfilling
Matsah,
which is the only way for us to
pass through this life and spend time with
God.
That's not good.
You're going to pick somebody to be
against?
Bad choice.
In the ordinarily arrangement...
And also, in the ordinary arrangement,
the spreading out and the entirety of the
flourishing and profusely productive eths.
What is an eths, folks?
A tree.
Tree.
So AL means that she picked a fight
with the most prominent tree.
and of the spreading out and the
flourishing and profusely productive
nature of the tree.
The tree does have fruit.
The fruit of the knowledge of good and
evil.
She has attacked the Choter.
She has attacked the etz Da'ath,
the tree of knowledge,
the most prominent tree in God's story.
That makes her Chawah.
She didn't take into heart Numbers XV,
did she,
about what happened with the dude playing
with the tree?
Oh, yeah, the guy's uplifting the trees,
and Numbers XV stoned to death.
They weren't picking up sticks.
They were uprooting the tree,
and that's what she's trying to do.
Oh, boy.
God says, nah, that's my guy.
These books...
they're important to Yahowah there you go
they're important to Yahowah don't try to
tear them down which is what they're doing
and if you're trying to take the tree
that is uh providing the lives of those
who are born with an inheritance
That means the tree that is providing the
fruit that enables you to be part of
the covenant and inherit all that our
Father has to give.
From the sheriff, the branch.
That would be the Choter, wouldn't it?
And ha-Selah, the rocky crag.
Kind of nails it, don't it?
Pretty much nails it, man.
The most prominent tree,
the most productive tree from the people
that he is nurturing that will be born
with an inheritance that's coming from the
shelef, the branch, and this ha-Selah,
the rocky crag.
Oh, yeah,
that guy's name at the bottom here,
that happens to be Craig.
That is Celtic for crag.
God's had a lot of fun with that
through the years.
Well, just a guess here, folks,
on my part, but you might concur.
But it's probably a bad life decision to
have irritated God to the extent that he
refers to you as acrimonious, enraged,
and cantankerous.
And when he states that you have earned
his wrath by spewing venom at his AL,
prominent tree and ram,
it's really time for a reevaluation of
one's life ambitions.
What the hell are you doing?
Yep, you need emergency treatment.
Yahowah is exceedingly protective of his
ale, and he should be.
Not only is an ale a large and
prominent tree,
etz is the Hebrew word for tree.
As
And here,
Raanan says that God has equipped this
tree to, Ra'anan,
to spread out and to flourish such that
it is profusely productive.
That's why he's called the Adamah Parah,
isn't it?
The man who is profusely productive.
He is, of course,
describing the Etz Da'ath,
the tree of knowledge in the garden,
who has been equipped by Yahowah's Ruwach
spirit as the Choter stem with Etz Da'ath,
counsel as the tree on everything
pertaining to knowledge of God.
But God says...
I'm not going to argue with him.
That's his point of view on this.
He has clearly stated that he is in
the camp of protect the tree of knowledge.
Don't disparage it.
By trying to poison the roots of God's
tree and trash its fruit,
the mother goddess click says,
is seen as shakat ha-yaled,
as taking the lives of those who would
otherwise be born.
That's murder, ain't it?
Yeah,
because they'd be born into the covenant.
So, Craig,
we have Yah calling her a demonic
sorceress, a whore,
a vain and useless liar, a betrayer,
and now an abortionist.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
That's quite a pen tag thus far.
And it only applies to one person in
her little clique.
This won't apply to anybody else.
And by the way,
they really deserved it by besmirching my
wife's reputation.
And they went really viciously after her.
And you look at the stuff that Leia
is producing now.
I mean, surely I love her.
Okay.
So she's my wife.
I think she's the greatest thing since
sliced bread.
No, it's good.
It's obvious.
You can see when we do the shows,
you've been here.
Kirk, you know, we love her.
She loves me.
So I'm obviously going to stand up for
her because I think she's the,
she's the best.
She's,
Fun to be around.
She's brilliant.
She loves you.
She knows the Towrah,
and she is incredibly devoted and
hardworking.
But look at what she's producing.
Look at the branding and the invitations
that she is producing in these songs.
They are literally marvelous.
They are just so on point.
that you're going to attack that?
The woman who is doing the most to
invite people,
and particularly her people,
the Jewish people, to know Yahowah?
Bad, bad call.
So yes.
They have become spiritual murderers.
I have a question.
The nature of the word shakar,
when we say it,
it's very close to shakar,
as in halal bin shakar.
And I was wondering in the text if
it is a Sheowl and Sha'uwl closeness to
it.
Are they distinguishable?
The letter shakar,
I don't know where the eh comes from.
They are very close.
Samak.
Yeah, they're kissing cousins.
And of course,
Ha Ben Shachar is Satan's name.
And she's demonic,
so there could well be a clique associated
with that.
And of course,
God's very keen on using the idea of
being born into and being the seed of
to describe the seed of rebellion or seed
of the covenant.
The seeds that Dowd's sowed produce the
best fruit of all, which is eternal light.
And the seeds that are being sown by
this are seeds of rebellion and
cantankerous betrayal.
So, you know,
God uses this all the time as a
really productive metaphor.
And of course,
if he's going to paint you as a
demonic woman who is a whore,
then he's going to follow that all the
way through.
You're going to have that same theme
running all the way through,
including when he's talking about you've
made your bed.
He is very consistent when he runs with
the metaphor.
So these vicious malcontents are also
trying to steal the inheritance of God's
people.
And that is a huge reason for disparaging
them.
They're trying to pluck it from the
Choters branches and away from the crag,
which would be an absolute defiance of
what Yahowah said through Yashayah in the
seventeenth chapter of Isaiah.
And for this crime,
There is no resolution.
There is no forgiveness,
according to Yahowah.
Now,
the reason that we highlight the fact that
everything mentioned in the previous
statement was masculine singular in that
case, is from this point forward,
the condemnation is focused not on the
group that she has spawned,
which is why masculine singular is used in
Hebrew to be the inclusive text.
So it's not saying that we're talking
about all men.
It's just a group of men and women
would be presented that way.
So he has been attacking the spawn of
this woman,
of those that are conceived in her image
that are equally cantankerous.
Now, from this point on, it's all
Feminine singular.
I've never seen anything like it in the
entirety of the Towrah and prophets.
I've been doing this for twenty four
years.
This is the longest narrative attacking
somebody in the feminine singular.
Yeah, that's really unusual.
He's naming names.
He is naming names.
So we know this because there is nothing
in Isaiah fifty seven five,
which could serve as the female subject of
this review.
Nothing.
And yet everything that follows is
feminine singular.
This leaves us with a single candidate
when seeking the identity of the ʿanan
demonic woman and Zanah or,
who thought that she should be part of
that Shabuwah harvest, but wasn't.
So let it be known, according to Yahowah,
the Anan Zanah
will reap what she has sown.
And that is to be associated with an
equally maligned cast of characters.
Your fate and assigned inheritance,
feminine singular,
is among the illegitimate,
smooth talking and insulting flatterers
who feign praise and adoration,
but are divisive.
who seductively scatter and divide.
Their sorrow and their turmoil,
their exasperation is your lot,
is your fate and retribution.
You're again, feminine, singular.
After all, to them, you have poured out,
you, feminine, singular, a drink offering.
with a fusion of ideas,
blending and mixing things together.
Can you say Babel?
You have elevated,
overstated and offered up,
you have ascribed undue status to, you,
feminine singular, grain offerings.
Grain offerings, Shabuwah.
reading into Shabuwah, that's our harvest.
No, it's not.
You've read yourself into this and you do
not belong.
And that's very insightful.
Again,
it's only one person who's done that.
There's nobody else making grain offerings
that thinks that they're going to be part
of this.
So why, God says, so why?
Why should I change my mind and relent?
Why should I cease to be concerned about
these things?
So God is asking the question I asked.
So why would God take a group of
women that have the collective
intelligence of enablement and make them
the subject of the single most condemning
narrative anywhere in the Towrah and
prophets?
And he says,
based upon what you have done,
Why would I want to relent?
Why would I cease to be concerned about
these things?
Because your fusion of ideas that you have
concocted, what, about a mother God?
About the Nakar not being a person?
The Choter not being a person?
The Zarowa not being a person?
Yada not being spoken of?
What is it about you?
Not fulfilling the Pesach Matsah modem?
That my name isn't Yahowah?
And you want to tell me that I
shouldn't be concerned about this?
That you're attacking and besmirching and
tearing up the tree of knowledge that I
have cultivated,
and you want to tell me I shouldn't
be concerned about this?
Well, this is Yahowah's assessment,
and it's his decision regarding the one
who has devilishly mocked and slandered
his tsadaqah nakar at this crucial moment
in time.
And clearly,
God isn't about to change his mind.
You're uprooting the tree of knowledge.
I told you my response to the guy
that was uprooting the tree of knowledge
in Numbers, a long time ago.
Why didn't you listen?
I told you about the woman who would
besmirch someone that I have chosen to
speak through his wife while you claim
that you too spoke for God.
I told you about turning her into leprosy
and spitting in her face and ostracizing
her from the community that she represents
divorce.
to the very source of the waters of
Meribah.
I told you about this,
why didn't you listen?
I told you all about the woman who
wanted to be a goddess,
who coveted the tree of knowledge.
I told you what I did to her
too, but you didn't pay attention,
did you?
To the story in the garden in Chawah.
I told you all about it.
Do you think I'm gonna change now?
I've written my response three times to
this, four times to this.
You think I'm gonna change?
You're Mikal.
You're the one that's telling Dowd that he
has no substance,
that he doesn't really represent all of
these things he's claimed or that God's
claimed pursuant to him.
You're Mikal.
So Yahowah is acknowledging that he has
encountered
Comparable rebellions.
Why would I change?
That means that he has encountered this
previously and has announced exactly his
response to it.
And yet, what do they say?
Oh, it doesn't apply to us.
Oh, God says, oh, yeah, it does.
And I'm not going to change my mind,
man.
I've told you all about what you're doing.
I issued prophecy after prophecy about
you.
And I've laid down my decision,
and I'm not changing.
So God is saying, yeah,
there's been previous rebellions,
and that he has dealt with them similarly,
consistently.
And of course, Chawah, Miriam, Mashal,
from Genesis two, Numbers twelve,
second Samuel six,
immediately come to mind.
However, this is a bit different.
Because this latter day,
Anan Zanah initially feigned support and
adulation for Yahowah's nakar before
contradicting herself and becoming so
seductively divisive.
That is really grievous to God.
You were given the truth and you spit
on it.
The lesson here is clear and it is
consequential.
There is something deemed far worse than
continuing to be overtly religious or
political,
something vastly more costly than being
ignorant and apathetic.
And that is to have been exposed to
the truth and then not only rejected,
but repudiated.
And that,
combined with the timing and the severity
of this crime,
is why the Mother Goddess clique has
earned Yahowah's most comprehensive and
condemning reprimand.
There's nothing that compares to this.
Okay.
Don't you think it also is because when
somebody betrays somebody that worked
within the organization or whatever,
they have instantly some kind of
credibility of some people.
And oh, well,
they're coming from the inside.
And that's the great Judas thing that
everybody hates, really.
So if Yahowah doesn't speak to this,
it just steals lives away.
I mean, it really will.
He used the term betrayer, didn't he?
Yeah, absolutely.
And you can't betray unless you were
originally part of something.
That's right.
So it's the last identity that describes
God's ultimate consternation with them.
They betrayed him.
They betrayed his son.
They betrayed his Towrah, his covenant,
the Mowedym.
His tree of knowledge, his Choter,
the Nakar.
They betrayed his covenant.
They betrayed the Shabuwah harvest.
That is the single most unforgivable thing
that can be done.
They knew the truth.
They were exposed to the truth.
And they betrayed it.
Now, you're also correct.
And that God trades on the...
conviction and the credibility of those
who speak for him.
And if somebody is a former insider goes
psychotic and decides that they are going
to spend their life disparaging that
individual,
there's really nothing you can do that
would be more devastating.
The single worst crime you can commit.
Worse than changing Yahowah's name,
worse than denying his son fulfilled the
Mowedym,
is to disparage and to discredit the
accuracy of the person God has announced
is speaking for him and doing so by
betraying that individual.
You know what's amazing here, Craig,
is this is beyond insidious and perfidious
is that
she represents the combination of all
these other characters in the story from
Chawah through Miriam,
through the fella in Numbers Five,
et cetera, et cetera.
She embodies and basically as a
compilation of all of them culminating in
this at this time,
inverting the very instructions
guidance and teaching of Yah,
this is the last straw,
just beyond the pale, beyond the pale.
Part of this too is that Yahowah has
used
the writings that he inspired through
Yashayah.
And this, by the way,
is all in Yahowah's voice.
This is not the prophet's voice.
This is in Yahowah's voice.
But he has used the prophet Yashayah to
provide the textbook for proper chotering,
to know how to do this job as
the nakar.
And so, therefore,
anything that discredits the nakar and the
Choter
The final Zarowa is a really big deal
in this particular book,
in the book of Isaiah.
So the book of Isaiah is gonna take
particular homage against somebody that is
disparaging the principal actor in that
book.
And that's what has got.
And in this particular book, so angry,
you know,
by the time you get to this sixty
third chapter,
you're having Yashayah celebrate the
arrival of the man from Edom who was
in that wine vat with him,
who is bloody red,
who is
finally saving God's people,
the ultimate Zarowa.
And not the ultimate Zarowa,
but the final Zarowa nonetheless,
the one who is cultivating this productive
harvest.
And so it ends with that crescendo.
On the man from Edom.
And Yashayah celebrating this at long last.
That's my Zarowa, man.
That's the guy cultivating the seeds that
I have sown for this harvest.
And he's ecstatic about it.
And this is the woman who has sought
to disparage him and to attack and demean
his wife,
who is such a tremendous contributor to
this covenant family.
And also to demean every one of you.
Every one of you.
Constantly.
So the thing that God has had to
endure the longest of us and that he
regrets the most is the fracturing of his
family.
It began, of course,
immediately after the children of Israel
were conceived and became untenable during
the Exodus,
only to continue unabated in the promised
land.
And so now at the cusp of delivering
the ultimate family reunion and especially
horrendous breakup has occurred.
One fixated on doing all that God wants
accomplished over these next seven and a
half years.
And for that,
this sorrowful lot will be sorry
forevermore.
They hit God where it really hurts.
According to Yahowah,
the woman he introduced in Isaiah,
as someone deliberately conjuring a false
spirit to obscure reality and blow smoke
as a sorceress,
and a despised and loathed woman of ill
repute pandering to her partners for
favorable treatment while complaining that
she was excluded from the Shabuwah harvest.
She is pouring out a toxic brew of
inebriating concoctions that are
essentially babble.
because they comprise a confounding blend
of commingled contents.
Equally troubling,
she claimed Shabuwah for herself,
elevating and overstating her absurd
claims regarding this offering of grain.
Craving a role in God's story,
she ascribed an undue and undeserved
status to herself,
as had been her custom over the years.
she would be a mother speaking for her
mother God.
But since there is no such entity or
voice, she lied about God,
going as far as to change God's name
to suit her myth.
She changed even God's gender identity to
suit her situation.
Yahowah, however,
didn't much like being compared to a
hermaphrodite.
Go figure.
I guess transgender was not in God's
wheelhouse.
So he says,
so why should I change my mind and
relent,
ceasing to be concerned about these
things?
There are many subjects about which Yahowah
is clear and uncompromising,
beginning with his name and his nature.
And as protective as God is regarding
both,
there is something about which he is even
more defensive.
through those through whom he has chosen
to work and achieve his goals.
You get in Moshe's way and Dowd's way
and Yashayah's way and my way now,
God will have your head on the platter.
In this case,
Yahowah has revealed that his Nakar,
observant foreigner, will,
as the man from Edom and the Adam
of Parah,
serve as a witness on the Temple Mount
before offering himself as a sacrifice to
purge the returning remnant of their
guilt.
Knowing this,
the sorceress has sought to place her
cravings over God's plans.
And since he has positioned her as a
whore,
Yahowah is continuing to flesh out the
metaphor of wanton infidelity,
of pandering for favors.
Rather than sacrificing the bull to save
Yisrael,
she is seen in bed accommodating herself
as the voice of her mother goddess.
So the text reads,
over the exalted mount,
that would be to the temple mount, Moriah,
arrogantly through self exaltation and
being carried away with desire,
you have placed and made you,
feminine singular, your bed.
Additionally,
there you ascribe status to yourselves
while slaughtering the living.
Isaiah, fifty seven seven.
Not only are we encouraged to listen to
Yahowah and do as he instructs rather than
as we desire,
there are no beds associated with Mount
Moriah.
It is a place devoted to the affairs
of God and his covenant family and those
who are brought to fruition through the
fulfillment of the Mowedym.
They're not delivered based upon personal
indulgences.
Further,
it is Yahowah who ascribes status to his
co-workers.
We are correct in acknowledging his
aspirations,
but foolish in ascribing our ambitions to
him or her, as the case may be.
The consequence of doing so is shattered
lives, embittered estrangement,
and the demise of countless souls.
This isn't something God takes lightly or
can leave unpunished.
With God, there is cause and consequence,
and he is always fair,
allotting what we deserve.
And in this case,
during the final countdown prior to his
return,
as the door to life in the garden
is reopened.
There the mother goddesses are trying to
unhinge God's plans on the cusp of
providing eternal and abundant life.
She would have Yahowah's Zikaron,
most memorable men,
replaced by her own proverbs and maxims.
And that's particularly funny because the
fracture commenced with the Anan Zanah
falsely claiming that the fourteenth
proverb spoke of her mother goddess when
there is no mention of M mother,
even Ruwach spirit in the whole of the
Mashal and the lone feminine subject is
Chokmah, intelligence,
something they are clearly lacking.
Then in the end,
at the backside of the door,
at the door frame,
and on the cusp of abundant life,
you have set up and placed your own
memorial and your maxims.
Because indeed,
separated and sent away from me,
you were laid bare,
revealing your bed and death by her.
and you have climbed up to your bed,
enlarging it opportunistically and
greedily.
Every reference, feminine singular,
seven times in that one statement.
Every one of them,
you was feminine singular.
So you have made a covenant.
with her you've cut yourself into the same
situation and opposition to them thereby
you have forever banished and estranged
yourselves for her severed from them by
you uprooting yourselves for her situation
call imperfect second person masculine
singular so it's talking about the people
deceived by her you have
loved their bed.
You prefer and have inspected phallus’s.
Very pointed, isn't it, Jeff,
of all the commotion that one of the
mother goddesses is all up in arms over
a box that she ordered from Amazon with
a phallus in it.
So that she could, you know,
she ordered herself and she is just beside
herself to not have that box opened and
her situation disclosed.
And she became among the most vile of
them.
And so I got your number.
You want to unveil the box?
I'll tell you what's in it's a phallus.
Now it's Yod and it's genitalia referred
to euphemistically using the word for
hand.
And by the way,
in the conjunction with the bed and a
whore,
Every translation knows that this is a
metaphor for a phallus.
I'm not making this up.
You can read any student of this passage
and they will say, yeah,
that hand is used as a metaphor for
a phallus.
Now,
while it has been blatantly obvious for
more than a year now that the sadistic
woman pursuing these caustic ambitions has
assured her incarceration in Sheowl,
something Yahowah will affirm momentarily,
since there were women in her ranks that
I once valued,
I warned them that they were writing
themselves out of the covenant,
thereby excluding themselves from heaven.
My many attempts to help them only made
them more belligerent.
And finally, I just gave up.
And I left them to their fate that
they had chosen for themselves.
I remember pleading,
particularly with Jackie,
pleading with her.
Don't do this, not to yourself.
Don't do this to your children.
Don't do this to your grandchildren.
You know what you're throwing away here.
Don't do this.
You're being beguiled.
The woman is a psychopath.
Now I know also she's demon possessed and
a whore and the ultimate betrayer.
Begged her, said, don't do this.
She said,
how dare you say those things about me?
Now God's saying them.
You had a chance.
You were warned.
And now you have God saying them.
What are you going to do?
You tell God,
how dare you say those things about me?
As clearly as words allow,
God has declared that these malcontent
women and misled men are estranged from
him,
and there is no revolving door on heaven
or the covenant family.
You can arrive on God's terms or leave
on your own,
but there is no means of return.
In this case, however,
those posturing the voice of their mother
God have gone well beyond exiting the
covenant.
According to Yahowah,
they have made another arrangement with
her, this 'anan Zanah demonic whore.
And in cutting themselves into her
situation,
they are now seen as opposed to him,
them, which would be Yahowah, Dowd, Yada,
and the covenant family.
Qarath-la-ath-men him,
reveals that the men and women in league
with her and pandering for this
cantankerous and vitriolic Zanah have cut
themselves into her situation,
which is an opposition to those who will
be taken during the Shabuwah harvest.
They are thereby eternally banished and
estranged along with her.
They are now severed from us,
having uprooted themselves.
because they preferred to develop a
relationship with her in opposition to
Yahowah's family, to the tree of knowledge,
to the Passover lamb.
And so they are now without a covenant
and thereby will suffer a communal fate.
I would like to remind everyone too that
in the twenty-four years of rendering
Yahowah's testimony,
As accurately and as completely as
possible,
I have never before seen such a
proliferation of feminine singular
references.
And they all point to the 'anan diabolical
woman.
She remains the subject of this rebuke
because this Zanah, insecure whore,
insincere and insecure whore is
deliberately conjuring demons
to obscure reality as a sorceress while
pandering for more favorable treatment,
all while protesting that she has been
excluded from the Shabuwah harvest.
How dare God do that to her and
to heaven.
As for God's concluding comment,
that's an inside joke, of course,
between us.
You see the most unhinged of the sorceress
demons is a sexually frustrated anorexic
alcoholic in Qatar.
who bounces between religious cults.
Is that pretty accurate there, Dr. Jeff?
My diagnosis?
Spot on.
You actually know her even better,
I think, Rich.
So thank you for contributing.
What's in the box over there, Dr. Jeff?
What's in the box?
There it is.
Hey!
Do we want to open it now or
do we want to save it for a
show by itself to see how they respond
to this?
What do you think, Dr. Joe?
It should be its own show.
I think it should be its own show.
It should be at least Kevin's show.
Yeah, I think it should be.
We'll make it its own show.
Well, I do not know her.
My wife tried to help her.
Twice.
and she repaid my wife's kindness by
creating a website devoted to slandering
me, complaining that I had killed her.
I don't even know her.
I've never met her.
Along her issues is that box containing a
phallus of sorts that she bought online
and had shipped to my good friend, Dr.
Jeff.
whom my wife had introduced prior to
knowing that she was Froot Loops.
That's a technical medical term, Dr. Jeff.
It's a good one.
You see, God has a sense of humor,
as would be expected,
because she is so robust and, well,
they are non-attractive.
the she's just sexually deprived as Zanah
as are most of her supporters this group
is a a group of in-orgasmic women they're
miserable they hate men we get no
satisfaction at all from men I mean it's
the common denominator between them
loveless lives
After continually renouncing Yahowah's
toter, Nakar, Zarowa, and Adamah-parah,
the mother goddesses and their ilk,
turned against Dowd,
denying his second of three lives when he
served as our savior by fulfilling the
spring Mowedym.
theirs became an especially toxic brew of
diabolical deceptions,
all destined to deny King Dowd's return.
And so doing,
they ignorantly played themselves right
into Satan's hands while doing everything
in their power to mask the stench.
It says,
you have consistently contended with
imposing yourself over, feminine singular,
The approach of the king.
Obviously,
God knew that he was going to do
this.
Two thousand seven hundred years ago.
I said, oh, can't be no.
That was that was crucified on Passover
because there there is no human sacrifice
in the Towrah.
Utterly stupid that you don't know that a
Basar is disposable and that the man is
lives and was not sacrificed because of
his.
Nepesh Soul.
And one of the things that we won't
get to it in this program,
but we will eventually get to it.
I always knew that God said my Ruwach
would never leave him.
And so the Ruwach protected Dowd's Nepesh
Sol during crucifixion to fulfill Pesach.
The Ruwach that took the blows.
And it's the Ruwach that protected Dowd's
Sol and Sheowl that took the blows again.
It is the Ruwach
that is embedded within and never leaves
the Adamah Parah, yada.
And it will protect you as well.
So it doesn't matter how gruesome the
sacrifice is,
God's there to take the blows himself,
protecting me from them,
just as he protected Dowd.
you have consistently contended with
imposing yourself over the approach of the
king.
That's Down, calloused, unresponsive,
ignorant and fat.
You have increased and multiplied your
mixtures and compounds,
even as perfumes and ointments and salves.
Feminine singular.
And feminine singular again.
Then you dispatch sending out
You let loose, feminine, singular.
You're pivoting religious messengers and
you're anguishing idolatrous
representatives to cause distress and
anxiety while you besiege on behalf of
yourselves in adversarial fashion,
saying that God is both a mother and
a father.
There's a mother God and a father God.
That would be idolatrous, wouldn't it?
Absolutely.
You again, feminine singular.
As a witness into perpetuity,
eternally alienated and estranged as
remote and distant and separated as is
possible in space and time.
Min raqa.
Even as you are humiliated and cast down
forever to Sheowl.
And there it is.
Let's just read that again because I want
everybody to know that God is speaking of
this demonic woman who is an insidious
whore and the great betrayer who has led
her whole brood astray.
And God says you have consistently
contended with imposing yourselves over
the approach of the king.
Yada serves as the king's herald.
My job is to make certain that his
approach is grand,
that he has an audience waiting there for
him,
that receives him and loves him and
accepts him and is prepared for his
arrival.
And her intent is to contend with and
impose herself over the approach of the
king, making her calloused, unresponsive,
ignorant, and fat.
While you have increased and multiplied
your mixtures and compounds,
all of your brew of lies,
then you dispatched,
You sent out your pivoting religious
messengers and your anguishing idolatrous
representatives to cause distress and
anxiety while you besiege on behalf of
yourself in adversarial fashion.
Constantly,
we read their internal communications
because they're not so good at keeping it
quiet.
and read them bragging about what they're
doing to try to disparage and discredit me
and to bring down all of our social
media platforms where we broadcast this
Yahowah blog.
This is exactly who they are.
Yahowah has read them too.
As a witness into perpetuity,
eternally aligned with that which is
alienated and estranged,
you are now remote, you're distant,
And you're separated as is possible in
space time.
Even as you are humiliated and cast down
forever to Sheowl, which is hell.
I'm not familiar with any other place
where God says of a individual that
they're going to hell and he is sending
them there.
But that's what he said about this one.
So when they all cry,
how dare you say that I'm going to
hell?
Okay.
Why don't you try that same line with
Yahowah?
How dare God say that he's sending you
to hell?
I tried.
I gave them every opportunity to come back
to not do this.
I took the time to disprove everything
that they had said and say, come on,
you're making a fool of yourself.
Stop this already.
This is pure nonsense.
You know,
your best option now is to just stand
down and go away so that you don't
further aggravate God.
Because this is where it's going to lead.
And there's no other option here.
This is where it's going to lead.
You work with Yahowah long enough,
you witness various behaviors and it
becomes obvious of what's going to happen.
Well, here God has affirmed that.
You're going to hell.
You've done it to yourself.
So other than the conclusion, Mrs. Powers,
how are you enjoying playing the starring
role in your very own prophecy?
Well,
it's hard to know what to add once
Yahowah dispatches someone you once tried
to help and who
then became sadistically savage to you,
to hell, to Sheowl.
It's not like me to walk away from
the scene of a crime,
particularly one this hellish,
without providing additional guidance.
And in this case, we are at odds.
I'm trying to facilitate the return of our
king,
and they are trying to preclude it.
I want the final remnant of Yisrael
restored, no matter the sacrifice.
They might say, well,
we're not trying to thwart the return of
the king.
Oh,
by claiming Shabuwah as your own and
speaking against the tree of knowledge and
the Zarowa cultivating that harvest and
the Adamah Parah that purges the remnant
of Yisrael of their guilt so that the
king can return and have a kingdom
you are absolutely precluding the King's
return.
And that's the single greatest crime that
can be committed.
That is the very crime that Satan has
been fixated on from the beginning,
is to preclude what's going to happen,
what we're doing together in our
collaboration with Yahowah.
It's the single greatest crime that could
possibly be committed.
So I want the final remnant of Yisrael
restored.
No matter the sacrifice and they only care
about themselves.
I'm devoted to Yahowah and to learning all
that can be known and shared and they
are calloused, ignorant and unresponsive.
We're committed to a single unified
presentation of Yahowah's story and they're
all over the map.
I'm trying to clear the air and they're
fumigating the joint.
I have been sent by Yahowah to his
people at this time,
and they are dispatching demonic assaults
against my reputation and our social media
presentation of God's message.
They would have two gods,
and I celebrate the realization that our
Father is one.
We serve Yahowah while they are aiding and
abetting the adversary.
Our purpose is to restore Yahowah's
relationship with his people,
and theirs is to keep everyone alienated
and estranged because, well,
misery loves company.
All right.
Thank you, Wookie,
for making yourself so prominent at this
point.
Thank you.
Wookie said Leah had a request.
Wookie's here to tell you that Leah has
a request.
She wants to know if she can release
the song on Blue.
Do you remember the song she did?
Yeah,
I think that song should be played when
we do the unveil of the box.
I think it all should be integrated.
But obviously now that Yahowah has brought
this out of the box and disclosed what's
in the box,
I'm not going to stand in the way
of progress.
so yes we will we will I’m with
you yeah excellent okay her thing I would
love to be able to play now actually
is the one that she released today on
social media which is the the good and
evil woman
It's very short.
It's only like, uh, three minutes,
maybe two minutes long,
maybe even only a minute long,
but it is so beautifully done.
And it's about the good woman and the,
uh, the evil woman.
Uh, she posted it on, uh, on Facebook,
on my feed today.
And so it's on my Facebook page.
It's, uh, it is particular.
I can get ahold of her and she
can get me the link.
I can,
I can download it and get it uploaded.
Okay.
It's up on, uh, on her Facebook page.
I'm sure it's on my Facebook page, uh,
as, uh, as well.
So because of this conflict,
they have confirmed their own reservation
in Sheowl,
continuing to disparage those committed to
disparaging his Nakar and Melek,
Yahowah reports.
With the many variations of your way and
your prolonged path, your is, guess what,
feminine singular,
you have become worrisome,
you've become tedious.
but you are never willing to admit that
you're wrong.
You will not acknowledge that life and
your beastly group is hopeless,
that it's futile and damning.
Through your influence,
you sought to be found sufficient.
You wanted to obtain a reason to assert
that you are not the one who was
diseased or afflicted.
No.
Well, you found just the opposite,
didn't you?
Yashayah, Isaiah, fifty-seven, ten.
As is the case with the most egregious
serial liars,
they cannot keep their story straight.
And when confronted with irrefutable
evidence that they are mistaken,
they pivot to another position as if
argumentum by distraction was a rational
response.
Every time they come up with a lie,
we prove it untrue.
And they just go on to the next
as if nothing had ever been said.
And therefore,
debating them becomes worrisome,
even when obviously wrong and the effort
is made to correct them so they might
come out of their stupor.
They reject all evidence to the contrary,
even from God, and they deny reproof.
They are incapable of admitting that they
aren't just incorrect.
They have been errant from the outset,
and they've gone from bad to worse.
Their initial foundation that they're
speaking for a mother god,
and that's the mother god of the eighth
proverb, is an outright and egregious lie,
and that's the foundation of the cult.
Now,
after having revealed that he is sending
the mother goddesses to hell,
One would think that Yahowah would move on
to another pressing issue, wouldn't you?
But that's not the case.
And even with countless misleading paths
being strewn so haphazardly upon his own,
God remains uniquely concerned about the
Anon and her accomplices.
Congratulations, you got God's attention.
That's unusual for God because this cast
of caustic characters is far from the
first to never admit that they're wrong.
I mean, look at Christians,
look at Muslims,
look at the Haredim and Judaism.
But I suppose that the difference this
time is that this beastly group of
naysayers picked the wrong time and the
wrong target.
for the futile and damning assault on
God's plans and people.
And as a result,
the psychotic instigator of the ill-timed
rebellion has been called out and
condemned.
The woman who has long been crazed to
find herself written into God's story so
that she might feel important.
in light of all evidence otherwise,
has been revealed as the most catastrophic
and condescending of souls.
You made it.
Out of the way.
Has someone far worse than worthless.
Oops.
Well, she has always been psychotic,
anxiety-ridden, and diabolical.
She has never been honest.
Her insecurities terrified her to such an
extent she had to mask them behind the
veil of the mother goddess delusions.
And so we read, and so by association,
who is it and what that you're so
troubled over, riddled with anxiety,
dreading to the point of being frantic and
psychotic
You are so concerned in your dreadful and
desperate degraded mental state.
Feminine singular.
While you continue to be so intimidated
and anxious, awestruck,
while trembling and horrified to the point
of being terrified.
Yare, you're frightened and afraid.
Feminine singular.
such that you are so deceptive with your
outright lies,
thereby promoting a pagan delusion which
is contrary to reality.
Kazab, I mean, similar to Azab,
you become dishonest,
communicating that which is not true,
even as your deceptions and your false
gods are shown to be contrived.
You're perpetrating a fraud.
Feminine singular.
And therefore it's me you no longer
mention or remember such that you do not
recall even my most memorable of men.
Feminine singular.
You have not considered these words
judgmentally,
nor have you taken these statements to
heart.
Examining this message relative to your
inclinations and motivations.
Feminine singular.
You don't question whether I will take
action even after remaining silent for so
very long.
From the very beginning and without end
regarding me,
you have never shown any respect or actual
admiration.
Yashayah, Yahowah saves Isaiah, Isaiah,
Boy, after sending her to hell,
he's still attacking.
I've never seen God this angry.
I mean,
he burned up the area around the children
of Israel after they besmirched Moshe.
swallowed a bunch of them in the earth
when they became religious and made the
golden calf.
You know,
he eliminated everybody over the age of
twenty when the spies lied about what they
saw in the promised land.
I mean, so, I mean,
clearly God's had some negative responses,
but it's always two or three lines and
you were done and we move on to
the next topic.
He has sent these people off to Sheowl,
off to hell,
after calling the woman leading them a
sorceress who is an insincere whore,
not that there are sincere ones,
and a great betrayer.
and sent them to hell and he's still
saying, you disgust me.
Yeah.
It's a little more than I'll just spit
in your, a little more than I'll just,
than your,
if even if your father spit in your
face, just.
Or that the leprosy or you're divorced or
you're estranged,
or this is the source of the waters
of Meribah.
This is just on and on and on.
And it's all focused on a single woman
at this time about this subject.
My Wookie is saying, yeah,
the subject is the Wookie.
I think this is probably a good place
for us to leave this.
We've gone two hours and twenty minutes.
Is there any chance we can play that
one song?
We don't have it.
I don't have the link yet, no.
I was just going to say one thing.
It's about twenty years now we've been
chatting with each other and I wrote down
a second ago you know you say everything
and quite frankly it makes perfect sense I
mean yeah we've got a couple things a
little crooked first but we've solved
those uh and then you prove it and
then people call your life I mean
I mean,
at some point you have to say,
there's the proof.
This is logical.
This is that.
This is factual.
This is archeology.
You've written these books, you know,
twenty five thousand pages.
You put it all in writing.
You put it all out.
face up on the table.
You have proven every point that you have
made and you've done it over twenty four
years and you've stood behind what you
have learned.
You've offered insights that no one has
ever
ascertain before and you have God saying
upwards of a thousand times how
appreciative he is of the role that you're
playing and they then decide you know I
think the right thing to do is let's
demean him let's slander him I don't work
out really well yeah I'm dumbfounded I
it's it is it is it is dumbfounding
I think that is the uh the song
right there if you um
Okay.
Can find that one and play it?
No, that's not the right one.
No.
It's the good woman.
Well, we'll...
I'll present it again at the type of
my Facebook page,
and we'll get it shared maybe with the
start of the next program.
I could say, Craig, that these weak,
worthless weasels will not prevail.
And as I like to say, my brother,
Chazah, Chazah, Chazah.
Yeah, Yah used in the previous chapter,
chapter fifty-six of Yashayah,
he used Chazaq, which means be strong,
unrelenting, uncompromising,
showing total resolve and courage,
steadfastness.
He used it three times.
And he used it specifically in the role
that he has asked me to play.
And he said,
I want you to be Chazaq.
You need to be steadfast through this and
be resolute in what you're doing.
And being resolute is not being afraid to
share what God has to say about them.
Resolute means you're going to see it
through.
And if God has to say this about
them,
you will share what God has to say,
regardless of what anybody responds to or
thinks of you for exposing somebody,
for calling somebody a whore and for
calling somebody a demonic woman,
because God has called them that.
And that takes courage.
And that's what God said.
I want you to do that.
Now, you know, the interesting thing,
and it may be difficult to communicate as
part of this program,
but there was only one moment when I
was bothered by them, maybe two.
One is they really went insane on
disparaging my wife, Leah.
And so I was bothered by that until
such time as Yahowah directed me to
Numbers,
where Miriam tried the same trick,
and I found God's answer.
And then I turned to Dowd's presentation
of the Choter, and he begins by saying,
oh, by the way,
his wife is really Chokmah, smart.
And so that took care of,
that took all the sting out of that.
The second is when they decided that they
would take their own little clicky site
down
and hide it between disparaging passwords
of me,
and then start a site because they
couldn't attract any attention.
And they would attract attention by
hash-tagging my name and the hash-tagging
yada yada.
It's about as despicable as you can do.
It's actually illegal.
But getting social media to comply with
their own rules is pretty difficult to do.
But hash-tagging my name just to disparage
me.
And not even truthfully.
And stupidly,
that's what God was saying here.
When it first came up like that,
I went to God and said, no, no,
no, this is not fair.
This is a low blow.
What did I do to deserve this, God?
It's kind of like what Dowd had to
say.
It's kind of like what Moshe had to
And you say, this is really unfair.
And it took me an hour or so
and I,
worked myself through it.
And in that hour,
the first thing I came to realize is
that God had a lot to say about
this.
It had to happen because he foretold that
it would happen.
And he makes a lot of important points
because it happened.
In second Samuel six,
in the story of the garden,
in Bare’syth Genesis two and three,
and Numbers twelve,
he says a lot about it.
And now here in Yashayah,
fifty six and fifty seven, Isaiah.
So when God's going to have this much
to say about it,
then it's got to play out this way.
But beyond all of that.
There is no way to do this job
without empathy.
You better care a lot.
Otherwise,
there's no way you could endure this.
And the only way that you can really
have empathy relative to representing
Yahowah is to endure an internal fractured
family.
The only way.
Why had Howsha marry a religious
prostitute?
It is why Dowd had to have Mikal
turn on him.
It's why Moshe had to have his sister
claim that she also spoke for God.
you're never going to know God's position
until you've endured that and you have
empathy for him in that regard.
So I realized, okay,
that's part of the job.
It comes with the territory.
It's a necessary part of the territory.
But then there's the other part of it
that says,
if you're going to do this job and
you realize that no one has ever done
this job that has come out unscathed,
everyone that speaks for Yahowah is hated.
And so you're going to be hated.
Deal with it.
The proof statement here is getting
through the gauntlet, being hated,
having ninety nine point nine nine nine
percent of people disparage you.
If you can't take that,
then you're the wrong guy for the job.
Because that's what it's going to be,
because that's the way it has always been.
That's what I've had to endure these last
six thousand years.
I picked you because I think you can
do that.
And so it's important to do it.
And then I began to see it as
so irrelevant,
it wasn't even worth mentioning anymore
until I came to this.
Same thing was true when we returned to
Chawah's rebellion,
which mirrors this in the creation
account.
And then here,
and the reason that now I'm so pleased
that we have done this is Yahowah is
a really good teacher.
He is sharing what he despises.
So Leah just walked in.
Is there instructions that you can give
her that she can take the Good and
Bad Woman song and send it to you
in a way that you can post it?
It's uploading now.
Unfortunately, it doesn't give us a bar.
It just spins.
So it shouldn't be two or three minutes.
So keep talking.
We'll get there.
Well,
I think we could probably do two or
three minutes.
I think we can manage that.
I think we can probably manage that.
And so by having God have these
prophecies,
one of the things that prophecy does two
things for us.
One is that it reveals that God knows
what's going to happen long before it
happens.
He wrote these prophecies that depict this
specific series of events with these
particular people at this time doing these
very things,
two thousand seven hundred years ago.
So now that when they happen,
he is validating that his prophecy and his
words through the prophet Yashayah are
exacting and that we can trust him.
And that's important.
And the second is that a hundred percent
of Yahowah's prophecies come with
instructions.
What God wants us to do is be
observant so that we consider,
we evaluate how he responds to things so
that when we encounter such things,
we can follow his example.
And so the teaching and guidance here is
when something like this occurs,
you need to know this is my response
to it.
Don't be accommodating.
Don't try to lure them back.
Don't sweet talk them.
Don't make accommodation for them.
Don't not make excuses for them.
Don't even ignore them.
They're insidious.
Go after them, condemn them, expose them.
Do all of those things.
And that's God's example.
And, you know,
I don't think we can ever go wrong
to follow Yahowah's example.
So those are the reasons why I find
this refreshing.
I find it uplifting.
I find it affirming.
I think our good friend and family member,
Shannon,
can make you a special shirt that says,
I am impervious.
Well, that is true.
I have had more death threats probably
than anyone alive, and I've never ducked.
I've had DIY support from day one.
We have written thirty five books
together.
We have delivered ten thousand profoundly
important insights.
We have
done things that no one has ever done
before.
We've discovered the greatest truths in
human history and shared them and
delivered them.
And we've done all of these things
together.
And he has always worked collaboratively
supporting me,
supporting us in this endeavor.
And he is a marvelous father in the
sense that he prefers to share credit than
take credit.
So no,
I'm unfazed by it at this point,
but I'm not gonna run from it either
because again,
the best example in the universe isn't
actually Dowd's, it's Yahowah's.
And when he takes a stand on something,
we ought to learn from it.
What was it that really annoyed him and
what did he do and say in response
to it?
Did he turn the other cheek?
No.
Was he judgmental?
Absolutely.
Was he condemning?
You betcha.
Was he tolerant?
No.
So it's pretty clear what God has to
think about this and the issues that are
here and betrayal, sorcery,
associating oneself with the demonic
spirits, misrepresenting him,
betraying him.
Betraying what you knew to be true to
garner a cadre of sycophants?
No, God's not into that.
All right,
I think we have the song and let's
go ahead and play it.
And I bid you guys a wonderful rest
of your Shabbat.
This has been a great participatory
program.
I thank you a lot for doing so.
So King of the Cables,
can you play it for us?
Nice.
It looks like somebody read this chapter.
Looks like somebody likes what Yahowah
revealed through Yashayah.
I see a lot of this chapter Yahowah
has revealed in those words.
How about you?
She's pretty good at that.
Yeah.
You know,
if you're going to plagiarize somebody,
you might as well plagiarize God.
That works out really well for you, too.
He's happy about it, too.
Go ahead.
Go for it.
Oh, my.
That was lovely.
I know you have her hovering over end
episode.
Can we just play that one more time?
Choose wisely.
Good night to one and all.
Kevin, Kirk, my good friend, Dr. Jeff,
and king of the cables over here, Rich.
Thank you so much for being part of
this marvelous contribution to Yahowah's
family.
Thank you, Rich.
Good night.
Good night, Yahowah.